ref(docs): Clarify which data structures we scrub (#1294)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/data-management/sensitive-data.md

    -   card[number]
-   Any keys which match values that you’ve added to the list of additional fields in your Project Settings.

> Sentry will scrub arrays and literal values, but not entire objects. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry will redact arrays and literal values, but not entire objects. For example:
```

(see note below)

```bash
credentials = {
  username: 'jane',
  cats: ['pancake', 'maple', 'hellboy']
  password: 'p4ssw0rd!',
  lastLogin: 'yesterday',
  ...
}
```

> using the default options would _not_ cause the contents of `credentials` to be scrubbed, but `password` would be scrubbed, and adding `cats`, `username`, and/or `lastLogin` to the list of additional fields will cause those values to be scrubbed. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the default options would not cause the _object_ `credentials` to be redacted in its entirety; rather, all of its entries would be subject to scrubbing. So `password` would be redacted by default, and adding `cats`, `username`, and/or `lastLogin` to the list of additional fields would cause those values to be redacted as well. 
```
Two (related) reasons for this suggestion:
- "scrubbed" vs "redacted": trying to make the distinction between "things that are run through the data scrubber" and "things that actually get taken out" 
- "object `credentials`" vs "contents of `credentials`": we actually _do_ clobber some of the contents, so this could be misleading; related to the first reason because the point you're trying to make is, _we do run objects through the scrubber, but we never redact the object itself_.

(Also just changing "will" to "would" to match the beginning of the sentence.)
